In addition to getting a list of all active nodes,
you will often desire a list of all topics.
You can obtain the list of topics by using the command, rostopic list.
This will give you a list of all the topics.
We can see that there are some topics associated
with rosout node that we discussed a moment ago,
and there are some topics grouped together under a turtle one namespace.
As you may have guessed,
all of the topics grouped under the turtle1 namespace are provided by a turtlesim node,
and are associated with a turtle we see in the virtual world.
Publishing a message to
the cmd_vel topic will commend the turtle to move with a given velocity.
Turtle1 also contains a color sensor,
and a turtlesim node publishes readings from this sensor on the color sensor topic.
Lastly, the turtlesim node publishes
the position and orientation of the turtle to the post topic.
While the topic names here are somewhat indicative of their purpose,
this won't always be the case.
Sometimes, you will need to get more information about a specific topic.